Add branches description (#3320)
conan-io/docs: README.md

To make any contribution to Conan documentation fork this repository and open a Pull Request.

Target Branches
---------------

There are different branches in this repository, each one targeting a specific Conan version:

> * **master**: It should be used to fix some documentation issue or add some missing documentation for feature already available in Conan 1.x.
> * **develop**: It should be used for new features or hotfix to be incorporated in the next Conan 1.x version.
> * **release/2.0**: It should be used to fix some documentation issue or add some missing documentation for feature already available in Conan 2.x.
> * **develop/2.0**: It should be used for new features or hotfix to be incorporated in the next Conan 2.x version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **master**: It should be used to fix some documentation issue or add some missing documentation for features already available in Conan 1.x.
* **develop**: It should be used for new features or hotfixes to be incorporated in the next Conan 1.x version.
* **release/2.0**: It should be used to fix some documentation issue or add some missing documentation for features already available in Conan 2.x.
* **develop/2.0**: It should be used for new features or hotfixes to be incorporated in the next Conan 2.x version.
```
